[docs] Show how to use `sui client faucet` for getting tokens from faucet (#16195)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/local-network.mdx

Transactions on your local network require SUI coins to pay for gas fees just like other networks. To send coins to a Sui Wallet connected to your local network, see [Set up a local Sui Wallet](#set-up-a-local-sui-wallet). You can use the address for the local Sui Wallet with the faucet.

> Sui CLI provides the `sui client faucet` command to get tokens from the faucet. If a different network than the usual ones (fullnode.network.sui.io) is used, it will complain and ask to pass the url to the faucet server. By default, it will use the active address and the active network environment. If you need to pass in a different address or faucet server url, check the help menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sui CLI provides the `sui client faucet` command to get coins from the faucet. If you're using a different network than the public ones (fullnode.network.sui.io), you receive a prompt to pass the URL to the faucet server. The `faucet` command uses the active address and the active network environment by default. If you need to pass in a different address or faucet server URL, check the `help` menu.
```

> In the most simple case, run `sui client faucet` and wait up to 60s for your tokens to reach your wallet. Use `sui client gas` to check for the new tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the most basic case, run `sui client faucet` and wait up to 60 seconds for the coins to reach your wallet. Use `sui client gas` to check for the new coins.
```
The coin/token wording has changed with the intro of Closed Loop Token standard. I'll make it consistent across the site in separate PR.
